"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." - James Cameron
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." - Babe Ruth
"Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there." - Will Smith
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing." - Seneca
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life and be without flavor." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"In order to write about life first you must live it." - Ernest Hemingway
"The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything." - Frank Sinatra
"Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people." - Leo Burnett
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Don't settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something." - Ashton Kutcher
"Everything negative – pressure, challenges – is all an opportunity for me to rise." - Kobe Bryant
"I like criticism. It makes you strong." - LeBron James
"You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak." - George Clooney
"Life imposes things on you that you can’t control, but you still have the choice of how you’re going to live through this." - Celine Dion
"Life is never easy. There is work to be done and obligations to be met – obligations to truth, to justice, and to liberty." - John F. Kennedy
"Live for each second without hesitation." - Elton John
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." - Marilyn Monroe
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship." - Buddha
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." - Brian Tracy
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
